I think a big part of it is the the
independent rear suspension and as a
journalist I'm always wary of that stuff
a lot of people will go oh they've gone
from an independent to a to a twist beam
rear axle that's absolutely no good well
I think that a lot of these cars you
could substitute the entire suspension
setup and nobody would know the
difference but there really is a very to
me there's a very markedly different
feel to this car then you'll find in the
in the in the regular Kenneth my second
drive now in the GLI and I think it's
absolutely fantastic this is everything
that I expect from the GLI it's very
quick it's a lot of fun to drive it's
got a really nice ride high quality
interior I just really like this car
it's got that kind of kind of a step up
that you don't get a step up in terms of
quality but you don't get in in other
cars
have to be a bit of an enthusiast to
appreciate this car I mean nowadays you
know with higher cafe you know the days
of you know 200 horsepower compact
sedans on this is really something which
in a compact for the mid-size I think
those days are numbered
I don't see idle I don't see how anybody
could come into this car who has you
know who enjoys driving and not like I
mean it's just it's just this is what
cars like this are to me what what
Volkswagen those bad